♪ My name is Shake-Zula,
the Mic Rula ♪
♪ The old schooler ♪
♪ You want to trip?
♪ l'll bring it to you ♪
♪ Frylock, and l'm on top,
rock you like a cop ♪
♪ Meatwad, you're up next
with your knock-knock ♪
♪ Meatwad make the money, see? ♪
♪ Meatwad get the honeys, ''G'' ♪
♪ Drivin' in my car,
livin' like a star ♪
♪ lce on my fingers and my toes,
and l'm a Taurus ♪
♪ Unh, check, check it, yeah
'cause we are the Aqua Teens ♪
♪ Make the homies say ''ho!''
and the girlies want to scream ♪
♪ 'Cause we are the Aqua Teens ♪
♪ Make the homies say ''ho!''
and the girlies want to scream ♪
♪ Aqua Teen Hunger Force
number one in the hood, ''G'' ♪
SHAKE:
Rims!
MEATWAD:
Hey look ya'll they putting in a
pool next door.
Man, l was told they were gonna
fix that house up.
Well l was told that they was
gonna get a trampoline.
You know, maybe l was just
projecting my desires onto them.
l jump on a tramp every night.
That's how l roll.
The juice just keeps on flowing.
Who is writing this down?
This is gold.
FRYLOCK:
No, this ain't safe.
l need to talk to them.
Ok, it's all good.
They've agreed to shut it down.
[engines grinding]
Oh damn it.
Ok, finally, it's all good.
They said they forgot
that they had promised
to stop dumping the radioactive waste
but now that they remember,
they said that they're sorry
and that they'll stop dumping.
[helicopter]
What the hell!
We had an understanding.
Let them understand it from the
lips of the master.
Hey!
Yeah you, jerkoff.
You want a yellow fist
in your face, huh?
ls that what you crave?
Shut it off or l will march up
there and cut it off for you.
Come on down here and discuss
things with the--
First off--
this swimming pool
is not Olympic size.
l want a high dive,
what does that mean?
lt means depth
for flips and twist.
To me this pool looks poorly
constructed.
At best.
And l want a trampoline.
You heard him.
The boy wants a trampoline.
[growling]
Yeah,
l want a Spongebob bounce house
and a petting zoo
with real llamas.
Not the stuff that you win at
the ring toss at the fair,
but --
but l want a fair too.
Have them have a fair.
So you gonna hop to it?
Or will l have to beat you down
in front of the child?
[growling]
[yelling]
What are you a vampire?
Ahh!
Alright, Alright--
And further more,
your crew was irresponsible--
Highly irresponsible.
[typing]
Highly irresponsible in biting
my roommate.
l am appalled.
Very appalled!
[typing]
Very appalled.
And l await with great patience.
And will kill without warning.
[slurp]
[typing]
A response, please.
Sincerely, your friend, Frylock.
MEATWAD:
P.S., we need water.
Yeah, see if they'll turn
the water back on.
No, that's a different letter.
I'm lickin' the sweat off
the bologna!
The city's gonna be on this.
Oh yeah, they're gonna be on it.
Yo, where they get off,
biting me like an animal
all up in here?
All up in here?
Yeah, yo.
All up in here.
This region of the epidermis.
Dog.
Look Shake, l don't know why he
chose you, ok.
Sometimes people snap when
confronted.
And then animal instincts
take over.
And plus he was radioactive.
And glowing.
And--
'Cause you glow, 'cause you're
radioactivity.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
That's right Meatwad.
You were bitten by a radioactive
black man.
But l don't expect any lingering
effects.
Naw, me neither.
- Good night ya'll.
- Good night.
MEATWAD:
No turn on the light, l'm scared!
l don't want the dark--
Yeah boy.
Huh.
Fryman in the hissie with
the shishee.
Shake?
Come here, yo.
l got a complicated hand shake
l want to try out.
Ah, for real ya'll.
Have you looked at yourself
in the mirror?
You look different.
l feel ya.
Hey check this out.
Rims.
l put a spell on them hoes ya'll.
'Cause l'm hell on them hoes ya'll.
What hoes?
Just hoes in general.
You know--
fly honeys.
That l would hit,
with my genitals.
[ rap music]
♪ l wake up every morning
with a woody ♪
♪ You make a blast when you get
close to the pudding ♪
Hmm-mm, ok,
can someone get me a dewy?
Damn your vertical leap
is incredible, man.
♪ lt's all my mad skills,
they pay the bills ♪
♪ l'm ripping trills like
Celine Dion l ain't no hip-hop B ♪
♪ l got a glock 40 shot,
40 carat rocks ♪
♪ Jumping slash dunking like
Hack-a-Shaq ♪
♪ Best believe it now son ♪
'Cause l'm black.
You what?
l don't know what the hell
happened.
What'd l say?
You said you're black.
Aw, for reals?
Shh you tripping.
When you were bitten by that
radioactive black man
you literally blacked out.
Giving you special powers.
Special black powers.
l'm not convinced Meatwad.
One more test.
Go on, swim.
No.
You're right, he's black.
Aw, damn!
l mean l don't have no problem
with race.
Race is not an issue in my
house.
l'm color blind.
Then why you keeping
my man, Boxy Brown,
down in the crawl space?
♪ Oh Frycracker be filling me
with old magazines and whatnot ♪
♪ l ain't no storage slave ♪
Meatwad, l needed a box.
♪ Shh, the man needs a box ♪
♪ Let's get the man a box,
right quickly ♪
No, no--
♪ You want a shoeshine
Frycracker, man ♪
lt's not like that.
l needed a box, ok?
Look, l'm not a racist.
Frylock, what are you doing?
He's a box, boy.
[laughs]
You a fool.
We need to make you
white again, Shake.
Oh, the man wants to craft me in
his lily white image.
You can't white wash me with
your lies.
l'm black and l'm proud.
And l will make sure that it
reads that
in both gold and diamonds.
On my teeth, yo!
l just got turned down for a
damn loan
for my expensive teeth, yo.
Make me white again, yo.
Ok, drink this.
Hell no.
lt's milk.
lt's where you come from.
l dislike the case it comes in.
Frylock:
That's right,
it's professional hockey.
The team is
from Salt Lake City.
lt's too white.
Open your eyes.
- l can't.
- You must.
Aw, why you got to treat
me like this?
Squeeze those organic avocados.
Damn, those are expensive.
Judge them by smell.
Why you got to pay that much
for an avocado?
Do it.
Excuse me, do you know where
l can find saffron?
By the hot sauce.
Move along, lady.
He's white, ok?
Oh, l'm sorry,
l assumed he worked here.
Aisle 2,
now put 'em on the glass.
Swim.
Ah no, l ain't hearing that.
Do l look like a duck?
Swim!
Damn you swim!
Swim with all your might.
- No.
- Cardio, damn it.
Do it for fitness.
- lt's burns.
- Do a lap.
What--
where my big sneakers?
They're fine, just fine.
Ok, we're going to return your
skin to it's normal pigmentation
through a complicated process
l call ''house painting''.
What we do is we take this here
house paint
and we just sort of dump in on
your head.
Don't listen to him,
just lie back breathe
and in the morning you'll be white
and back in control.
Aight, ya'll.
[snoring]
Paint him.
Now how does it feel to be
Caucasian?
What's this?
lt's a wrist watch Shake.
You know,
time is valuable to you now.
And a health insurance card.
Now if you fall down,
or someone tries to hack you
in half with a battle ax,
you're covered.
l live for sorcery.
Oh ya'll be tripping, see.
l know it's an adjustment.
Look, just let the whiteness work.
Take a long weekend,
mow your grass, recycle,
ride your aluminum 10 speed
in an urban area.
Hell adopt a Chinese baby,
you're white now man!
Aight ya'll.
l'm down with that.
[speaking different language]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ You done sold out to the man ♪
♪ Cracker be playing you and you
smiling like the fool ♪
What ever do you mean sir?
♪ You've been bamboozled ♪
♪ They enslaved your ideas,
shackled your mind ♪
♪ 300 years of oppression and it
goes on and on and on ♪
Well l was--
♪ Ask your great-grandparents ♪
♪ Who were brought over on boats ♪
♪ Toiled in the fields in chains ♪
♪ Ask them how they liked it ♪
See actually, you're mentioning
grandparents, but--
♪ How could you possibly
do that ♪
Well l--
♪ Unless you had a time machine
of some sort ♪
Well the difference in my story is--
l was bitten by a radioactive
black man.
Oh.
And somehow that turned me.
♪ That's an important part of
information, man ♪
Yeah, l guess.
♪ Shh, leave it to a cracker ♪
♪ Your brain is white washed
my man ♪
You're right.
♪ You're damned straight l am ♪
♪ Master Shake
is your slave name ♪
lt does say master in there but--
♪ From now on ♪
♪ You are Mocha Shakah Kahn ♪
Yeah, l'm feeling that.
♪ Now you follow me ♪
But first,
pick me up and carry me.
There we go, Boxy Brown!
Dunk.
Get the rebound.
Dunk again.
But what about school and my
swimming lessons?
[burp] bunch of school.
You gonna be a superstar.
Get on that rim.
Uh-uh.
Oh come on, now.
Lets see some chocolate thunder.
Get the Jordan out ya ass.
Get on up there.
Ah.
[gasp]
Your grill.
What's happening
to your fade dog.
My do,
the blackness is wearing off.
Hurry Mocha Shakah, rock the mic.
♪ [bee-boping] ♪
♪ Boxy Brown, yo ♪
♪ Sucker M.C. ♪
♪ You calling me,
the place to be, is Applebee's ♪
♪ For the--♪
♪ For the bottomless
shrimp platter ♪
♪ You gotta-- ♪
♪ Eating good in the --♪
♪ The apple margarita, yo ♪
♪ Sugar on the rim ♪
Damn it,
l can't free style any more.
'Cause l created a black-cine,
and l injected it
into your orange soda when you
weren't looking.
♪ Ahh, naw, naw, naw,
the hell you say ♪
♪ Mocha Shakah,
don't listen to the lies ♪
Oh really?
Shake,
what's the Boss up to nowadays?
Springsteen?
Man, l love the E Street Band.
You know he's recording a new
album with Pete Seeger?
All acoustic.
Oh god!
No!
Yes!
lt's working.
Hey, what did the Dow do today?
Damn, it!
Down over 60 points.
My 401 k.
When do the Simpsons come on?
♪ Dancing is forbidden ♪
♪ D-d-dancing is forbidden ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org